grew up wuchs in a small-town in Westphalia. After college he began working as a writer, at first in  the field of experimental audio art.  The early examinaton of the unfolding computer world, brought about by the work in the recording studio, incited his interest in the cultural significance of the computer. Parallel to the production of various audio pieces, in collaboration with the composer and musician Johannes Schmöllig, his first theoretical sketches unfolded.  As a consequence of hirst first book (The Metamorphoses of Time and Space) he started teaching at various uniersities, at Humboldt University, then at Free University Berlin. Parallel he worked as a curator for the Senate of Hamburg, organizing the Interface V, a symposion and exhibition of the thriving computer culture. From 2000 onwards Burckhardt delved into the field of programming and game-design, an interest that found its resonance in an installation in the USER–exhibition of ZKM. In  2005 he wrote the story »Brandlhuber. A fiction«, in which he addressed certain treaits to a virtual Arno Brandlhuber, opened his exhibiton at the deSingel Museum and reconverted himself to Burckhardt again – a game with a real avatar. Besides editing and teaching, Burckhardt brought further audio pieces into life, essays as well as translations.  With »The Shame of the Philosophers«  he continued his genealogy of the machine and finished it with »68. The History of a Cultural Revolution“. In Jahr 2010 he founded the startup Ludic Philosophy, that published the transmedial Browser-Game »TwinKomplex« in 2011. With a broad cast of actors film sequences were shot that were framed in a story about a post-national intelligence, so called DIA (Decentral Intelligence Agency). After having a feature machine for the rbb, Burckhardt dedicated his energy to writing again.  2014 the book »Digital Renaissance. Manifesto for a new world“ was published, 2015 (together with Dirk Höfer) »All and Nothing. A digital Apocalypse“, in the same year the science fiction novel „Score. We create paradise on Earth«. In the fall of 2017 his newest work appears, »The Philosophy of the Machine«. Embedded in a great cultural history,  the machine is a protrayed as the cultural unconscious, a theo-, socio- and psychoplastic apparatus.  
